The PMData dataset that aims to combine the traditional lifelogging with sports activity logging. 
Such a dataset enables the development of several interesting analysis applications, e.g., 
where additional sports data can be used to predict and analyze everyday developments like a person's 
weight and sleep patterns, and where traditional lifelog data can be used in a sports context to predict 
an athletes performance.In this respect, we have used the Fitbit Versa 2 smartwatch wristband, the PMSys 
sports logging app, and Google forms for the data collection.PMData contains logging data of 16 persons 
from a period of 5 months.
Fitbit
The data from the Fitbit Versa 2 smartwatch has been extracted into csv- and json files, and the fitbit 
directory contains the following files:
calories.json shows how many calories the per-son have burned the last minute.
distance.json gives the distance moved per minute. Distance is given in centimeters.
exercise.json describes each activity in more detail. It contains the date with start and stop time, time 
in different activity levels, type of activity and various performance metrics depending on the type of 
exercise, such as,for running, it contains distance, time, steps, calories, speed,and pace.
heart_rate.json shows the number of heartbeatsper minute (bpm) at a given time.
sedentary_minutes.json sums up the number of sedentary minutes per day.
lightly_active_minutes.json sums up the number of lightly active minutes per day.
moderately_active_minutes.json sums up the number of moderately active minutes per day.
very_active_minutes.json sums up the number of very active minutes per day.
resting_heart_rate.json gives the resting heart rate per day.
sleep_score.csv helps understand the sleep each night so you can see trends in the sleep patterns. 
It contains an overall 0-100 score made up of composition, revitalization and duration scores, the number 
of deep sleep minutes, the resting heart rate and a restlessness score.
sleep.json is a per sleep breakdown of the sleep into periods of light, deep, REM sleeps and time awake.
steps.json displays the number of steps per minute.
time_in_heart_rate_zones.json gives the number of minutes in different heart rate zones. Using the common 
formula of 220 minus your age to find the max heartrate, Fitbit will calculate your maximum heart rate and 
then create three target heart rate zones-fat burn (50 to 69 percent of your max heart rate), 
cardio (70 to 84 percent of your max heart rate), and peak (85 to 100 percent of your max heart rate).